You previously wrote test cases for "match5" a contrived "card game"
in which hands of cards are represented by sets of characters. In this
assignment, you are going to implement the match5 game. Note that
having test cases already is going to be a great start--both because
you can use them to test what you wrote and because you have already
thought about a variety of problems that can come up.

As a quick reminder, here are the "rules" of match5:

This program determines who wins a very simple "card game." This
"game" is played with five "cards" per player and two players. A
"card" in this game is an ASCII character (so 'x' 'a' '!' '7' '$'
etc. are all valid cards). Each player has exactly five cards, and the
player with the most matching cards wins. That is, five of a kind
beats four of a kind, which bests three of a kind, which beats a pair,
which beats having no matching cards. If both players have the same
number of matching cards (e.g., both have three of a kind), the hand
is a tie. There are no tie breakers (so one player has three of a kind
and the other has three of a kind plus a pair, the pair does not
matter). The values of the cards don't matter (so three 'a's and three
'b's both tie).

The correct implementation of match5 is in

/usr/local/ft510/match5/correct-match5

Your program should behave exactly like this correct implementation in
all cases, including how it gives error messages.

You should create a Makefile which builds your program into a binary
called "match5". We have provided a run_tests.sh script which will
build your program with "make" and run your tests cases on your
program, and compare them to the correct implementation. We recommend
you use it before grading.
